v1 blog post (#6240)
Couchers-org/couchers: app/web/markdown/blog.md

If you'd like to contribute to the blog, please [sign up](/volunteer) and let us know!

## [A new chapter: Couchers is officially out of Beta!](/blog/2025/07/01/releasing-couchers-v1)

2025/07/01 by Aapeli.

> We are out of Beta and in v1: we're releasing a new strategy around safe & active community instead of bashing our competitors, a fancy redesigned landing page, and a bunch of new features to make core couch surfing functionality better!
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are out of Beta and into version 1: learn what this means, our new strategy around safe & active community instead of bashing our competitors, a fancy redesigned landing page, and a bunch of new features to make core couch surfing functionality better!

```
